import { MDXProvider } from '@mdx-js/react'
import { Stitches, Button, Text, Heading } from '@nsfw-app/ui'
import { META_TITLE_SUFFIX } from 'config'
import { Layout } from 'components/Layout'

# nsfw.app Privacy Policy - Effective from 1st May 2022.

This policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy") describes the types of
information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you
visit the website https://www.nsfw.app and its sub-domains, including
any content, functionality, and sites offered on or through
https://www.nsfw.app, our mobile optimised websites, mobile applications
or blogs (together the "Website" or "Site"), whether as a guest, a
registered User or a Content Creator.

### This Policy applies to information we collect:

- On this Website and its sub-domains.

- In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this
  Website.

It does not apply to information collected by:

- us offline or through any other means, including on any other
  website operated by Company or any third-party; or

- Any third-party, including through any application or content
  (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the
  Website.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding
your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies
and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this
Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time.
Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance
of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

If you do not accept the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the
Website or any of our other sites.

## 1\. Your Personal Data

While using our Website, or registering your Registered User or Content
Creator Profile on the Website ("Profile"), you may be asked to provide
us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to
contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable
information may include, but is not limited to:

For Registered Users:

- IP address

- Your email address/password or Crypto Wallet Address

- Your username or screen name.

- Preferences / Interests

- Profile picture (if any), Cover picture (if any), biographic
  information (if any)

For Content Creators:

- Full Name

- Address, City, State, Zip Code, Country of Residence

- Scan of a Government-Issued ID

- Birth Date

- Social Media Handles

- Information associated with Creator's experience & survey responses

## 2\. Other Information

Throughout the process of using our Website, you may provide us with
other information that individually does not identify you ("Other
Information"), that allows us to deliver, personalise and develop
relevant features, content, advertising and Website - such as:

- Information about Content Creators you spend digital currency
  ("Digital Currency") on.

- Information about your Subscriptions/Purchases on the Website.

- Information that you provide when you enter a contest or promotion
  sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.

- Information about your preferences for receiving communications
  about our products, activities, events, and publications.

- Other information you upload, provide, or create while using our
  Website.

## 3\. Content Creator Profile Information

Should you determine to create a Content Creator Profile (which is an
Profile that is permitted to create and share with other Users online
audio, video, pre-recorded, interactive, and live content, which may
include, at the providing Content Creator's election, content of an
adult nature), you will be required to provide certain personally
identifiable information, such as a colour copy of your current
government issued photo identification (driver's licence, passport,
etc.) in accordance with the requirements stipulated in our Content
Creator Agreement.

This information is stored by us or our nominated Third-Party Record
Keeper. You will also be required to provide "pay to" information such
as a bank Profile or home address. You may be required to provide
certain taxpayer information.

## 4\. User Contributions

You also may provide information to be published or displayed
(hereinafter, "posted") in the message and chat rooms, comments sections
and other public areas of the Website or transmitted to other users of
the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your
User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own
risk. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or
impenetrable and we cannot control the actions of other users of the
Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.
Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions
will not be viewed by unauthorised persons.

## 5\. Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Website. Usage Data
may include information such as your Device's Internet Protocol address
(e.g.Â IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our
Website or Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the
time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other
diagnostic data. When you access the Website or Website by or through a
mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically,
including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your
mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your
mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use,
unique device identifiers and other diagnostic and location data. We may
also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our
Website or use our Website or when you access the Website or Website by
or through a mobile device.

## 6\. Tracking Technologies and Cookies

The information we collect automatically is only statistical data and
does not include personal information. It helps us to improve our
Website and to deliver a better and more personalised Website, including
by enabling us to:

- Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.

- Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customise
  our Website according to your individual interests.

- Speed up your searches.

- Recognize you when you return to our Website.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

- General Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive
  of your computer. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to
  move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure
  areas of our websites.

- Performance Cookies: These cookies, including Google Analytics
  cookies, collect anonymous information on the pages visited. Google
  Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you
  are on the site, how you got there, and what you clicked on. This data
  is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our websites and is
  not tied to personally identifiable information. By using our websites,
  you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. These
  cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for
  instance, which pages visitors go to most often. These cookies do not
  collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these
  cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used
  to improve how a website works.

- Functionality Cookies: These cookies remember choices you made to
  improve your experience. By using our websites, you agree that we can
  place these types of cookies on your device. These cookies allow the
  websites to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more
  personal features. The information these cookies collect may be
  anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other
  websites.

- Advertising Cookies: These cookies are used to deliver
  advertisements more relevant to you and your interests. They are also
  used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as
  help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are
  usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's
  permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this
  information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers.
  Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site
  functionality provided by the other organisation.

- Your Choice with respect to Cookies. By modifying your browser
  preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified
  when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. However, note that if
  you reject some or all cookies, your experience at our websites and on
  other sites throughout the World Wide Web may not be complete. Some
  sites require cookies to function, such as those with e-commerce
  features. In addition, if you do not allow cookies, you will not be able
  to take advantage of personalised content delivery offered by us or
  other Internet sites.

## 7\. Third-Party use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website
are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and
servers, content providers (Content Creators), and application
providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction
with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information
about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be
associated with your personal information or they may collect
information, including personal information, about your online
activities over time and across different websites and other online
Websites. They may use this information to provide you with
interest-based (behavioural) advertising or other targeted content.

We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they
may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other
targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.

## 8\. Use of your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- To provide and maintain our Website, including to monitor the usage
  of our Website.

- To manage your Profile: to manage your registration as a user of the
  Website.

- For the performance of a smart contract: the development, compliance
  and undertaking of the purchase smart contract for the services you
  purchased on the Website.

- To contact you: to contact you by email (if provided upon
  registration), or other equivalent forms of electronic communication,
  such as notifications regarding updates or informative communications
  related to the functionalities, products or other features of the
  Website, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable
  for their implementation.

- To provide you with news, special offers and general information
  about nsfw.app or in particular Content Creators that you're subscribed
  to, and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have
  already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive
  such information.

- To notify you about changes to our Website or any services we offer
  or provide through it.

- To manage your requests: to attend and manage your requests to us.

- In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.

- For any other purpose with your consent.

We may share your personal information in the following situations:

- With Website Providers: we may share your personal information with
  Website Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Website, or for
  payment processing. Website Providers have access to your Personal Data
  only to perform their tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to
  disclose or use it for any other purpose.

- For Business transfers: we may share or transfer your personal
  information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger,
  sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of
  our business to another company, whether as a going concern or as part
  of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal
  information held by the Company about our Website users is among the
  assets transferred. If the Company is involved in any such transaction,
  we will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and
  becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

- With Affiliates: we may share your information with our affiliates,
  in which case we will require those affiliates to honour this Privacy
  Policy.

- Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to
  Non-Personally Identifiable Information). We may share aggregated or
  pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with
  partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, or
  other companies.Â  For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads
  performed or report how many people spent money after seeing a
  promotion. When you use third-party apps, websites or other products
  integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your
  activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies. We allow
  other companies that show advertisements on our website or apps to
  collect information from your browsers or devices.Â  Other companies' use
  of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their
  own privacy policies, not this one.Â  Like many companies, we may allow
  cookie matching with select partners.Â  But, these parties are not
  authorised to access nsfw.app's cookies.

- With other users: when you share personal information or otherwise
  interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be
  viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If you
  interact with other users those users may see your screen name, Profile,
  pictures and description of your activity.

## 9\. Other Disclosures of your Personal Data

We may also disclose your personal information:

- To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to
  respond to any government or regulatory request.

- To enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or Content Creator
  Agreement and other agreements, including for billing and collection
  purposes.

- If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the
  rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.
  This includes exchanging information with other companies and
  organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and Point risk
  reduction.

- In good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to prevent or
  investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Website.

## 10\. Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information

The Company currently does not sell, rent or share its customer lists or
any Personal Data of its customers to third parties for marketing or
commercial purposes.

However, if we were to undertake any such activity, we want to make sure
we provide you with choices regarding the personal information you
provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the
following control over your information:

- Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to
  refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are
  being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings,
  visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable
  or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be
  inaccessible or not function properly.

- Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you
  do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or
  non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by
  contacting us using the information in the "Contact Us" section of this
  Policy.

- Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your
  email address used by the Company to promote our own or third parties'
  services, you can opt-out byÂ  contacting us using the information in the
  "Contact Us" section of this Policy. If we have sent you a promotional
  email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future
  email distributions.

- Targeted Advertising. If you do not want us to use information that
  we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according
  to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by
  contacting us using the information in the "Contact Us" section of this
  Policy.

## 11\. Retention of your Information

We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for
the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your
Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal
obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to
comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal
agreements and policies.

We will retain your Personal Data for as long as we consider it
necessary to:

- Enable you to use our Websites and provide our Websites to you,
  including maintaining your Profile.

- Comply with our legal obligations. For example, we may keep some of
  your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.

- Conduct our business and for our legitimate business interests, such
  as establishing, exercising or defending legal claims, chargeback
  prevention, fraud detection and prevention, hindering any other illegal
  activity on our site, and enhancing safety. For example, if we close or
  suspend your Profile for fraud or illegal activities, we may retain
  certain information about you to prevent you from opening a new Profile
  in the future. Such information shall also be kept available in case of
  ongoing judicial proceedings/and or investigations. As part of our fraud
  detection and prevention process, we also blacklist all former usernames
  for a certain time. Therefore, a former username cannot be used for a
  new registration.

- Protect our site and your personal information from accidental or
  malicious loss and destruction. Residual copies of your personal
  information may not be removed from our backup systems for a very
  limited time (usually 30 days). Some copies of your information (e.g.,
  log records) may also remain in our database, but are disassociated from
  personal identifiers.

We will also retain Usage Data and Other Information you provide to us
for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data and Other Information that
personally doesn't identify you is generally retained to strengthen the
security or to improve the functionality of our Website. We may also be
legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods. Take note that
neither Usage Data nor Other Information is in any way associated with
any personal identifiers and is retained by us to improve the quality of
our Website.

## 12\. Transfer of your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and
maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province,
country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection
laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such
information represents your agreement to that transfer. We will take all
the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and we will make no
transfer of your Personal Data to an organisation or a country unless
there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your
data and other personal information.

## 13\. Security of your Personal Data

We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal
information from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use,
alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored
on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be
encrypted using SSL technology.

The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where
we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to
certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this
password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with
anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public
areas of the Website like message boards or comment sections. The
information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the
Website.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not
completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal
information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal
information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal
information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for
circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on
the Website.

## 14\. Payment Information

All transactions on the Website are performed using the Company Smart
Contracts, as implemented on the blockchain. We do not store or collect
your payment details, as all transactions are performed using the
Digital Currency (as defined in our Terms, incorporated here by this
reference) upon connection of the appropriate Crypto Wallet. Any
information associated with your Crypto Wallet is used in accordance
with the Terms and Privacy Policies of the respective Crypto Wallet
application that you use. Company does not receive, store or collect any
of that information, outside of your Crypto Wallet Address, submitted
upon the registration of the User or Content Creator Profile on the
Website.

Nsfw.app is and will not be held accountable for any loss of funds from
either investing in any of our chosen payment providers/methods or from
any transfers/withdrawals of funds within our application. Users are
responsible for their funds at all times.

## 15\. Sale of Personal Information

The Company currently does not sell, rent or otherwise communicate its
customers' Personal Information to third parties for monetary or other
valuable consideration.

## 16\. "Do Not Track" Policy

Our Website does not respond to Do Not Track signals. Instead, we adhere
to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy and offer the opt-out
choices described above.

Some third-party websites do keep track of your browsing activities. If
you are visiting such websites, you can set your preferences in your web
browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can
enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of
your web browser.

## 17\. Communications Preferences

We may send you communications (including emails, phone calls, text
messages, push notifications, and snail mail) to your Profile and
transactions initiated by you (such as order status updates and billing
receipts).Â  We need the ability to send you these communications to
offer our Websites, so we do not allow you to turn them off entirely.Â 
But you can let us know if you have a preferred method for receiving
these communications by changing the Notification Settings in your
Profile, disabling push notifications as described below, or contacting
us.Â  We try our best to honour your reasonable preferences about
communications.

We may also send additional communications about the Websites, such as
newsletters and additional options that may be of interest to you.Â  We
do our best to only send this type of communication to people who want
to receive it.Â  If you would like to discontinue receiving these
communications, you can update your preferences by using the
"Unsubscribe" link found in such emails or by contacting us using the
information in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy.

## 18\. Geographic Restrictions

Nsfw.app's content is accessible from around the world. If you access
the Website from outside the EU, you do so on your own initiative and
are responsible for compliance with local laws.

## 19\. Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection

Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have
certain data protection rights. We take reasonable steps to allow you to
correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you
wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you that you
want to be removed from our systems, you can contact our Data Protection
Officer using the Contact Us section of this Policy.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

- The right to access, update or delete your information. You can
  access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within
  your Profile settings. If you are unable to perform these actions
  yourself, please contact us to assist you.

- The right of rectification. You have the right to have your
  information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

- The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing
  of your Personal Data.

- The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we
  restrict the processing of your personal information.

- The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided
  with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured,
  machine-readable and commonly used format.

- The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw
  your consent at any time where we previously relied on your consent to
  process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before
responding to such requests.

## 20\. Risk of using digital assets.

Please note that all transactions involving Digital Assets involve
certain risks. In this regard, once submitted to a blockchain network,
such a transaction will be unconfirmed for a period of time pending
sufficient confirmation of the transaction by the blockchain network. A
transaction is not complete while it is in a pending state. Any Digital
Assets transfers, to and from external wallet addresses, that are in a
pending state will be designated accordingly, and the relevant Digital
Asset will not be included in your Digital Asset Wallet or be available
to conduct transactions.

The risk of loss in holding Digital Assets can be substantial. You
should therefore carefully

consider whether holding Digital Assets is suitable for you in light of
your financial situation.

In considering whether to hold Digital Assets, you should be aware that
the price or value of Digital Assets can change rapidly, decrease, and
potentially even fall to zero. Past performance is not an indicator of
future performance. If you use any nsfw.app Services which allow you
and/or third parties to access and hold Digital Asset private keys, you
acknowledge that we are not responsible for safeguarding such keys and
that we are not responsible for any loss of Digital Assets resulting
from theft, loss, or mishandling of Digital Asset private keys outside
our control.

We are not responsible for the market of Digital Assets, and we make no
representations or

warranties concerning the real or perceived value of Digital Assets as
denominated in any quoted currency. You understand and acknowledge that
the value of Digital Assets can be volatile, and you agree that we are
not in any way responsible or liable for any losses you may incur by
holding or trading Digital Assets, even if the nsfw.app App Services
were delayed, suspended, or interrupted for any reason.

We do not provide investment advice tax advice, financial advice or any
other professional

advice and any content on the nsfw.app and Site should not be considered
as such

advice such as a substitute for tailored investment, financial advice.

## 21\. Underage Content and Children's Privacy

Our Website does not address anyone under the age of 18. No one under
the age of 18 may provide any personal information to or on the Website.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are
aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact
us using the information in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy. If
you are under 18, you must immediately leave this site now and do not
use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its
features, do not register on the Website, do not make any purchases
through the Website, do not use any of the interactive or public comment
features of this Website, or provide any information about yourself to
us.

We use age verification services, where required to prove age, as well
as require Content Creators to provide a copy of their current
government issued photo identification in order to ensure our users and
Content Creators' compliance with applicable legislation.

Anyone under the age of 18 is not legally permitted on the Website for
any reason, and if we find you on this Site, we will report you to law
enforcement as noted above. We will not reactivate you for any reason
ever. We also recommend that Users implement parental control
protections, such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services,
which reduce the opportunity for minors' access to Site.

If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from anyone
under the age of 18 without verification of parental consent, we take
steps to remove that information from our servers.

## 22\. Links to Other Websites

Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by
us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that
third-party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy
of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no
responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any
third-party sites or Websites.

## 23\. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material
changes to how we treat our users' personal information we will notify
you by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will also let you
know via the homepage of our Website and/or a prominent notice on our
Website, prior to the change becoming effective from the date at the top
of this Privacy Policy.

You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and
deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our
Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes. You are
advised to review this Privacy Policy frequently for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on
this page.

## 24\. Get in touch

Whilst we try to keep our privacy policy up to date at all times, you
may have further questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us
at support\@nsfw.app

export default ({ children }) => {
  return (
    <Layout
      metaTitle={`Terms and Conditions${META_TITLE_SUFFIX}`}
      metaDesc='The more you know the less you know'
      css={{
        maxWidth: Stitches.theme.container.maxWidth,
        margin: '0 auto',
        padding: '200px 16px 24px 16px',
      }}
    >
      <MDXProvider
        components={{
          h1: (props) => (
            <Heading
              {...props}
              css={{ margin: '25px 0 5px 0', fontSize: '18px' }}
            />
          ),
          h2: (props) => (
            <Heading
              {...props}
              css={{ margin: '25px 0 5px 0', fontSize: '18px' }}
            />
          ),
          h3: (props) => (
            <Heading
              {...props}
              css={{ margin: '25px 0 5px 0', fontSize: '18px' }}
            />
          ),
          p: (props) => <Text {...props} subText css={{ fontSize: '14px' }} />,
        }}
      >
        {children}
      </MDXProvider>
    </Layout>
  )
}
